Update issue templates (#1)
gulpjs/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/dependency_vulnerability.md

---
name: ":lock: Dependency vulnerability / npm audit"
about: Got an alert about a dependency vulnerability? Review this.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

If you are here because `npm audit` or another tool told you there’s a vulnerability, please carefully review this template.

> We also see these issues and regularly review them. If we identify a risk to our projects, we will fix them immediately. When we identify they are not a risk to our projects, there is nothing else we should do. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also see vulnerability issues and regularly review them. If we identify a risk to our projects, we will fix them immediately. When we decide they are not a risk to our projects, there is nothing else we should do. 
```

> Upgrading (when there’s not a risk to our projects) is a breaking change to our compatibility matrix and we don’t take these requests currently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading (when there’s not a risk to our projects) is a breaking change to our compatibility matrix and we don’t currently take these requests.
```
